docs/README.md, before:

# Principles of Software

Welcome to RPI's legendary CSCI 2600, otherwise known as **Principles of Software**.

The class is a study of important concepts in software design, implementation, and testing. 
Topics include specification, abstraction, design principles and patterns, testing, refactoring, software 
development processes, and GUI and event-driven programming. The course also introduces implementation and 
testing tools, including IDEs, version control systems, and other frameworks. **The overarching goal of the course 
is for students to learn how to write correct and maintainable software.**

Ideally, this book will also include a chapter on ethics in computing, more in-depth examples of Dafny, design pattern
usage, and real world applications.  The motivation for this material comes from its necessity -

RPI's motto used to be "Knowledge and Thoroughness", an ideal which still sets RPI engineers apart from other
technologists and programmers alike.  In our specialties, we are often self-taught; most times,
our knowledge and / or applicative need expands farther than a class can take us, so we must learn on our own.
Principles of Software is a deeply important class to budding programmers, and the author believes these concepts
must be more readily available and digestible than they currently are as of this writing.

## Acknowledgements

The design and spirit of this repository is based on the [RCOS Handbook](https://handbook.rcos.io/#/), the document for which another RPI class, Rensselaer Center for Open Source (RCOS), is based off of.  That document is maintained and updated by CS Department Faculty and the student coordinators who make it all happen.

This textbook would also not be possible without:

Dr. Ana Milanova,

Dr. David Goldschmidt,

Dr. Carlos Varela,

Dr. Michael Ernst (of University of Washington),

Professor Thompson,

All of Principles of Software's TAs and mentors for their contributions of student grading and course advice,

Dr. Barb Cutler and the Submitty team for making grading Principles of Software possible,

and Dr. Konstantin Kuzmin, who oversaw, edited, and guided the author in the creation of this publication.

This book should not be considered an original work - it is a collage of expertise woven together by an over-ambitious undergraduate at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.  All resources, sources, quotes, and some extra ideas are dully cited in the Appendix.  If you should desire to learn more about any idea in this book, consult the Appendix or contact [Alice Bibaud](alice.bibaud@gmail.com). 

## Textbook

This is a living document meant to supplement and improve upon RPI's Principles of Software course.  Users are encouraged to use it as such, as well as a launching point for further reading into these subjects.

If you find a problem or something that you'd like to dispute, please [open an issue](https://github.com/alicebibaud/Principles-of-Software/issues/new) in the GitHub repository where this is all hosted.

Built with [Docsify](https://docsify.js.org)

Commit message:

Refactoring, Appendix, Forward, and Specifications are done

docs/README.md, after:

# Principles of Software

Welcome to RPI's legendary CSCI 2600, otherwise known as **Principles of Software**.

The class is a study of important concepts in software design, implementation, and testing. 
Topics include specification, abstraction, design principles and patterns, testing, refactoring, software 
development processes, and GUI and event-driven programming. The course also introduces implementation and 
testing tools, including IDEs, version control systems, and other frameworks. **The overarching goal of the course 
is for students to learn how to write correct and maintainable software.**

Ideally, this book will also include a chapter on ethics in computing, more in-depth examples of Dafny, design pattern
usage, and real world applications.  The motivation for this material comes from its necessity -

RPI's motto used to be "Knowledge and Thoroughness", an ideal which still sets RPI engineers apart from other
technologists and programmers alike.  In our specialties, we are often self-taught; most times,
our knowledge and / or applicative need expands farther than a class can take us, so we must learn on our own.
Principles of Software is a deeply important class to budding programmers, and the author believes these concepts
must be more readily available and digestible than they currently are as of this writing.

## Acknowledgements

The design and spirit of this repository is based on the [RCOS Handbook](https://handbook.rcos.io/#/), the document for which another RPI class, Rensselaer Center for Open Source (RCOS), is based off of.  That document is maintained and updated by CS Department Faculty and the student coordinators who make it all happen.

This textbook would also not be possible without:

Dr. Ana Milanova,

Dr. David Goldschmidt,

Dr. Carlos Varela,

Dr. Michael Ernst (of University of Washington),

Professor Thompson,

All of Principles of Software's TAs and mentors for their contributions of student grading and course advice,

Dr. Barb Cutler and the Submitty team for making grading Principles of Software possible,

and Dr. Konstantin Kuzmin, who oversaw, edited, and guided the author in the creation of this publication.

This book should not be considered an original work - it is a collage of expertise woven together by an over-ambitious undergraduate at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.  All resources, sources, quotes, and some extra ideas are dully cited in the Appendix.  If you should desire to learn more about any idea in this book, consult the Appendix or contact [Alice Bibaud](alice.bibaud@gmail.com). 

## Textbook

This is a living document meant to supplement and improve upon RPI's Principles of Software course.  Users are encouraged to use it as such, as well as a launching point for further reading into these subjects.

If you find a problem or something that you'd like to dispute, please [open an issue](https://github.com/alicebibaud/Principles-of-Software/issues/new) in the GitHub repository where this is all hosted.

On this website, important vocabulary words are denoted in **Bold**, with their definitions following in <span style="color:blue;">blue</span>.  This was done to clarify important text, as well as for creating flash cards so students may study the material.

The only exception to the above rule is the Introduction chapter, which does not contain any definitions.  Words defined later appear there in blue.

Built with [Docsify](https://docsify.js.org)
